Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Don't try to eat it
through the wrapper.
I'm sorry. What?
The candy bar.
You try to eat it
through the wrapper.
I owe my friend 100 bucks.
Why would I try to eat it
through the wrapper?
You've been staring at it
for 10 minutes now.
It's like you're trying to skip
the opening it
and chewing it parts
and just beam it
straight to your stomach.
I'm sorry. You've been watching
me for 10 minutes?
Me and my friend.
She thinks you're...
an unhoused individual.
This is Florida.
You can just say
"crazy homeless guy."
It's okay.
She thinks you're
a crazy homeless guy
who's gonna eat that thing
through the wrapper.
But not you.
Mnh-mnh.
So. what's the story?
Why are you eye-sexing
a candy bar on the steps
of a courthouse?
I'm on trial.
A few months back. I caught this
kid stealing camera equipment
out of the trunk of my car.
You're a photographer?
I was.
Commercial? Fashion?
News.
Anyway. I caught this kid.
and I--
Yeah. I sorta--
I sorta lost it.
You lost it?
I beat him up.
You beat up a kid?
Well. he wasn't a kid.
He was 20 years old.
And. as it turns out.
the son of a state senator.
I mean. it didn't matter
that he had 40 pounds on me
or that he threw
the first punch.
He made up some story about me
thinking he was a drug dealer
and then attacking him
when he wouldn't sell me meth.
Doesn't explain
the candy bar.
Sorta my favorite.
Today could be the last day
of my trial.
Meaning I could be going home
in a few hours or--
Or you could be going to
prison.
Where I'm told candy bars
are in short supply.
Thing is. I keep...
I keep thinking if I eat it.
I'll be jinxing everything.
Well. look. I don't know
a lot about prison.
but I know a little.
And you're right.
Candy bars are hard to come by.
But I can think of something
in even shorter supply.
♪ Some folk built like this ♪
♪ Some folk built like that ♪
♪ But the way I'm built ♪
Whew!
♪ Don't you call me fat ♪
♪ Because I'm built
for comfort ♪
Oh.
I believe this is yours.
♪ I ain't built for speed ♪
Good luck today.
Thanks.
♪ But I got everything ♪
♪ All that a good girl need ♪
News anchor: Clay Gregory
was questioned yet again today
by homicide detectives.
The investigation
into the murder of his wife
is ongoing.
Turn that off. would you?
Kinda tired of that guy.
Bro. try to cut it closer
next time.
You still think
it goes to the jury today?
Just one witness left.
The. uh. cousin. right?
The one who said she was
there that day?
The stepsister. bro.
the stepsister.
Stepsister.
And you're sure
she wasn't there?
Yeah. No one was there.
Why?
I was going over
her statement last night.
and it's very detailed.
Mm-hmm.
All rise.
Superior Court
of the State of Florida.
Broward County. Department 342.
is now in session.
Judge Anna Yu presiding.
Mr. Acosta. next witness.
State calls Emi Ochoa.
Your Honor.
Raise your right hand.
Do you swear the testimony
you're about to give
is the truth. the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth?
I do.
Would please state your name
and relationship to the victim?
Yes. I'm Emi Ochoa.
Lucas is my stepbrother.
And that's the man
who almost killed him.
♪ I don't want you anymore
'cause you took my joy ♪
♪ I don't want you anymore ♪
♪ You took my joy ♪
♪ You took my joy.
I want it back ♪
♪ I'm gonna go to West Memphis
and look for my joy ♪
♪ Go to West Memphis
♪ Maybe in West Memphis
I'll find my joy ♪
Thank you. Miss Ochoa.
You're excused.
♪ Kick dust ♪
♪ Kick it up ♪
♪ Kick it up. kick it up.
kick it up ♪
♪ You gotta kick it up ♪
Told you I needed a 2019.
Man. don't gimme that.
Different parts. Darius.
You want me to go
put it back?
I'll go put it back.
I'll give you half.
Half.
Plus I get
a slice of that pizza.
iJefe! iProblema!
Come on. man.
I checked this thing
top to bottom.
Ain't no...
Beautiful dog!
Thanks!
Beautiful!
I swear.
she is the spitting image
of another dog I know--
Friday.
Friday's an emotional
support dog.
Her owner. Dylan--
he's 8-- he has autism.
Friday helps him.
makes him happy.
Or at least she did
until someone stole her
out of a yard the other day.
You-- You have a nice day. yeah?
Dylan's mom. Amanda--
she put these up
all over the place.
Next day. someone emailed her.
said he had the dog.
and for 10.000 bucks.
she could have her back.
I know what you're thinking.
10 grand for a dog?
But. see. the house
this guy stole her from?
It was nice.
It was real nice.
One of those great big ones
up in Coral Ridge.
Guy didn't know that Amanda
was just the housekeeper
and that her bosses let her dog
play outside while she worked.
So. you're gonna
arrest me now?
No.
I'm not gonna arrest you.
I'm not a cop. I'm a P.I.
I'm also an ex-con like you.
18 months. Apalachee.
Assault.
Marion Correctional.
Possession.
I-I didn't want to take her.
I wasn't even planning it.
I-I was just--
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
Hey. listen. Take this.
After I bring her home.
I want you to call him.
He's a friend of mine.
He helps find jobs
for guys like me and you.
Tell him RJ sent you.
Hey. Tebow. how you doing?
Gonna be a hot one today.
Stay hydrated.
And...
Nope.
Hey. "Arj"!
Hey. morning. Freddy.
How you doing?
Chester! Little help here?
Tom Petty.
Come here. Tom Petty.
Good!
Arj. I told you.
you got to keep a treat on you.
You give Tom Petty a treat.
he'll leave you be.
O-Or-- Or maybe. you know.
stop giving him free run
of the entire trailer park.
You ever thought about that?
You seen Tebow this morning?
His mom was looking for him.
Yeah. he's out
by the mailboxes.
He's doing his
scary clown thing again.
What is the point?
Well. his mom says it's
an experiment in phenomenology.
Really. I think it's more to do
with Tebow being crazy as hell.
Uh. Chester.
I almost forgot.
I signed for a package
for you yesterday.
It's in here by the door.
Uh. would you mind
bringing that out?
Uh. I'm not comfortable
going in there since the.
uh. you know.
the sinkhole.
Yeah. okay. I understand.
So. uh.
you talk to management
about getting
your trailer moved yet?
I did. twice.
I think their hesitation
may have something
to do with me
being two months behind on rent.
"Florida Man Tries
to Chew Through Handcuffs
Following Arrest."
It is a fascinating read. sir.
but I'm afraid there's
nothing in here
that identifies you
as the subject.
You understand.
I can only give you a free drink
if you can prove you're
the Florida Man in question.
♪ Captain America. we love you ♪
Another one for the wall.
Cellie! Usual?
Uh.
it's a little early.
And you get that every time
you call me "cellie."
you're announcing
to your patrons
we're both ex-cons?
Well. if it weren't
for ex-cons. RJ.
I might not
have any patrons.
This is true.
You texted.
Cut to the chase.
Well. I'm afraid the chase.
old buddy. is Clay Gregory.
Field Reporter: Police have
confirmed that the woman found
dead in the trunk of a car
is Rhoda Batista.
the high-school teacher who
was reported missing yesterday.
The car was involved in a brief
chase with police last night.
This morning.
it was found abandoned.
leading to the discovery
of the victim.
This. of course.
is eerily reminiscent
to the murder
of Broward County Herald
journalist Maya Gregory
several years ago.
Just like Rhoda Batista.
she was found
in the trunk of a car.
strangled.
In both cases.
the murder weapon
was a wire coat hanger.
Maya Gregory's husband.
Clay Gregory.
was a person of interest
at the time
but has never been charged.
You know. it's funny.
Year and a half sharing
a 6'x8' space with you.
and I still can't
read your mind.
I'm thinking it sure would
be nice to know
where Clay Gregory was
last night.
It would.
But it's safe to assume
Fort Lauderdale's Finest
are all over that. yeah?
You know. the reason
I wanted you to hear about this
from me is because I know
there is a very straight line
between what happened
to your reporter friend
and what you did to that kid
who broke into your car
a few days later.
Wish. he wasn't a kid.
He was 20 years old.
A-And he was bigger than you.
and he threw the first punch.
Remind me. which one of you
ended up at Apalachee with me?
The truth. cellie. is you were
carryin' too much hurt around.
and you unloaded on the first.
best person came along.
Don't go makin'
the same mistake now. you hear?
RJ freakin' Decker.
as I live and breathe.
They let you out already?
No. Bill. I escaped.
Don't tell anyone. okay?
How you doing?
You back
at the newspaper?
Uh. matter of fact. Bill. no.
I'm a-- I'm a P.I. now.
You're serious?
As a dead lady
in a car trunk.
You heard what happened
and thought "Clay Gregory."
Well. to be fair. Bill. he did
kill my former colleague.
his wife.
the exact same way.
You are a dog with a bone.
old buddy.
The night Maya died.
didn't have an alibi.
Then it comes out
he was having an affair. so...
You're leaving out
the part about a cigarette butt
that was found in the car
with his wife's body.
DNA wasn't a match.
Bill. you and I both know
he could have picked up
any butt from any gutter
and put it in the car
to throw off forensics.
Detective Ragsdale.
are you aware you're associating
with a known felon right now?
Detective Abreu. hello.
How are you?
Yeah. let me guess.
He wants us to put cuffs
on Clay Gregory for this.
Well. I mean.
it'd be nice if you put cuffs
on him for something.
Mm-hmm.
Just a reminder.
my case. not yours.
And sharing information
with a civilian.
let alone an ex-con.
would be bad.
Hm.
How is everything
at the trailer park?
You making new friends?
Only every single day.
Clay Gregory didn't
kill anyone last night.
What do you mean?
He was visiting family
in Topeka.
Flew in this morning.
We have footage of him
at both airports.
So if you were hoping this was
the murder we would get him on.
think again.
News Achor:
When asked about the still
unsolved Maya Gregory case.
police did acknowledge
the similarities to the murder
of Rhoda Batista.
By all accounts.
Clay Gregory is apparently not
a person of interest at this--
Decker Investigations.
Hi. Is this RJ Decker?
Yep. It is.
Great.
I'm looking for
a private investigator.
I was wondering if you
might have some time this week
to meet in person to--
long-term work--
Ma'am. I'm sorry.
Bad reception.
Would you mind repeating
what you just said. ma'am?
Are you there.
Mr. Decker?
Yeah. I'm here. I'm here. and
I'm very interested in meeting.
Hello?
Decker?
Yeah. I'm here. I can hear you.
Can you hear me?
Ma'am?
What can I say
except it's pretty obvious
there's a serial killer loose
in Fort Lauderdale.
And maybe if the police hadn't
wasted so many resources on me
after he killed Maya.
they would have caught him
back then.
♪ Tres. dos. uno. ja ♪
♪ This ain't the first time
my life has come to this ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
A sinkhole opened up outside
your window three weeks ago
and you didn't come
to stay with us then?
Hi. Catherine.
You know you're the dumbest
ex-husband I ever had?
Palmetto Pastures. RJ?
Seriously?
That's the best you can do?
Well. the price is right. Cath.
What can I say?
If it's a money thing.
you know I don't mind helping.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
It's temporary.
Just like me staying here.
I'll be out of your hair
in no time.
You'll see.
Great. It's great.
Roomy.
How'd your better half
take the news?
Said she wanted
to talk to you.
Mm.
She's in the garage.
You wanted to see me?
One week.
Beg pardon?
You can stay here one week.
and then you go.
Mel. if you think I want to stay
here longer than a week--
One week. felon.
Say it with me.
One week.
No. I won't talk to you
about Clay Gregory.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
I was going to ask about Sofia.
Oh.
Oh. yeah.
She still draining threes
like Steph Curry?
Like Sabrina Ionescu.
And asking about my kid isn't
gonna score you anything.
Just the. uh. the person
who called the police about
the red BMW the other day--
they interacted with the guy
who abandoned it.
Said something. did something.
Am I right?
I just want to know
what they saw.
Maya Gregory was your friend.
I get it.
But this case.
it's about Rhoda Batista.
and it's got enough eyes on it
already.
I don't also need
some pretend P.I.
looking over my shoulder.
let alone one flopping
in my pool house.
You know.
I've started to wonder
if you don't like me
because you're under
the impression
I might be the close-minded type
who'd be embarrassed.
maybe even angry that
his ex-wife ended up marrying
another woman.
Hand to heart. Mel.
it doesn't bother me.
I knew Cath was bi
from day one.
I mean. hell.
we even entertained
the occasional
third party back then.
I got work to do.
Try not to get sent back
to prison today.
¿Intentas infringir
el código?
My Spanish is a little rusty.
You didn't just happen to
confess to murdering two women.
did you?
Decker.
What's it been?
Two years?
18 months with good behavior?
You go to prison one time.
and suddenly it's all the jokes.
I saw your ex's piece
in the Herald this morning.
Oh. yeah?
It's good stuff.
It reminded me of the way
Maya used to write.
All gas. no brakes.
Yeah.
Maya was something. wasn't she?
Before she died--
Before you killed her.
Before she died.
you met me. what. once?
Maybe twice.
You hardly know me.
So how can you be
so sure I killed Maya?
Well. you were
cheating on her.
I was getting away with it.
So why kill my wife?
This new murder. the one
from a couple of days ago--
Rhoda Batista.
That was her name.
She was a teacher. She had
a mom. She had three sisters.
Yeah.
I'm sure you heard by now
I was on an airplane
when it happened.
I didn't do it.
I know you didn't.
Then why are you here?
Would I be right in assuming
that the insurance policy
you had on Maya never paid out?
Of course it didn't.
Because the insurance company.
like pretty much everyone else
in the state of Florida.
knew you killed her.
This new murder. though. I don't
know. maybe it changes things.
Like you said. you were
on a plane when it happened.
You think I hired someone?
Told him to commit
a murder just like Maya's
when I was at 40.000 feet?
Yeah. police start thinking.
"Hey. maybe he didn't
kill his wife."
Then the insurance company.
Suddenly you're. what.
six figures richer? Seven?
This has been fun.
but I've got work to do.
Me too. Clay.
Me too.
Decker Investigations.
Hi. I called last night.
We got cut off.
Hi.
Yes. sorry about that.
I would've called you back.
but your number was blocked.
You're still
up for meeting?
Absolutely.
Then how about we do it
over a drink?
You name the place.
Ooh. Uh. yeah.
Do you know F.M. Station?
I'll find it.
See you at 7:00.
7:00 works. but. um. can I--
Didn't get your name.
Again.
Yes?
Hi. ma'am.
Uh. my name's RJ Decker.
I'm a private investigator.
I-I'd like to ask you
a few questions
about what happened yesterday.
Me? Why me?
Y-You're the one that called
the police. aren't you?
You saw the person
who dumped the car.
If I was. I don't think
the police would tell you.
I knew it was you
from the flower pot.
¿Cómo?
The one you threw
at the suspect.
I saw little pieces of it
on the ground.
See. most of your neighbors.
they like to use
their balconies for storage.
You like to grow things.
Yeah. you must have. what.
a couple dozen plants out there?
So you saw the guy park.
and when he popped the trunk.
you saw what he'd done.
That's why he threw the pot
at him.
All I'm looking for
is a description.
I even brought you a few pots
to replace the ones you broke.
The man was short.
Maybe 5'2". Black.
His back was turned.
so I didn't see his face.
Just his terrible hat.
What was so terrible
about his hat?
There was a penis on it.
Penis?
Did you say penis?
Worse.
An angry penis.
And what made you think
the penis was angry?
The face and the two
little arms flexed like this.
Like it wanted to fight.
Like this?
Mm-hmm.
Huh.
Is this what you saw?
Ay. Dios mio. Yes.
It's not what you think it is.
It's a jumbo shrimp.
Specifically. it's the logo for
the Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp.
AAA affiliate
to the Miami Marlins.
Does that help?
I like your hat.
Thanks.
What?
No. it's just I wish
I could have seen your face
when you found that dead lady
in the trunk of that car.
Darius.
Hey. kid.
deep breaths. deep breaths.
No need to pull Mom into this.
Come here.
I didn't hurt
that woman. okay?
I'm not a killer.
Well. given she had
about six inches
and 20 pounds on you.
I tend to agree.
The thing is. Darius.
you are a car thief.
And you did
steal that Beemer.
You just didn't know
the first person
who drove it
left the body behind.
Who are you. man?
What is this?
Me? I'm a P.I. Yeah.
As such. I do the occasional job
for an insurance company.
That company insures cars.
and so they keep
pretty meticulous records
when it comes to car thieves.
So I'm on a list.
Yeah. you're on a list.
That's how I found you.
Someone saw the logo
on your hat.
So I checked the list
for car thieves
originally from Jacksonville.
and bam. there you were.
Pinched last year for joyriding
in someone else's Lambo.
I'm a minor.
All that stuff is supposed
to be sealed.
Yeah. well. hey. insurance
companies. what can I say?
I tried to do
the right thing. okay?
I left the car trunk open
so somebody would see the lady.
and the police would arrest
the person who owns the car.
Well.
the person who owns the car
has an alibi described
by Channel 7 as "ironclad."
not to mention zero connection
to the victim.
That's why I think the car
was actually stolen
twice the other night.
first by the killer
and then by you.
What I don't know. what nobody
knows except for you and him
is where the car was
abandoned first.
Where did he leave it
before you stole it?
Hey. hey.
Uncle RJ!
We're making ropa vieja.
Wanna help?
Uh. actually. kiddo.
I need a quick word
with your mom.
and then I have to go
meet a client.
Do you need to bring a gun?
No. sweetie.
I don't even own a gun.
That's 'cause
you can't own a gun.
Can we just. uh. please...
So this guy stole the car
first. dumped it in the lot.
and then the kid you found
stole it a second time?
Yes. He's the one who ended up
in a car chase with police.
But this guy. Popeye Calves.
he's the one
that killed Rhoda Batista.
On orders from Clay Gregory
in order to clear his name.
make a play for Maya's
life insurance money. or both.
All I could get tonight
was video from a hardware store.
But you canvass the area.
maybe you find video
from a different business.
catches Popeye's face.
We find him.
he gives us Clay.
Hey.
Were you sleeping
with Maya Gregory?
I'm asking as a wife.
not a cop.
If it's something
that's going to come out.
I'd rather know now.
No. I wasn't sleeping
with Maya Gregory.
The truth is. I didn't even
know her that well.
She died. this person
you didn't know very well.
and it was. what.
one week later
you lose it on some kid
who breaks into your car?
A few years back. I'm still
working at the Herald.
City Desk sends me out
on what they figured was
a routine drug homicide.
Someone smelled something
awful coming from
the trunk of a car.
called the cops.
I show up just
as they're drilling the locks.
Trunk pops open.
I'm expecting the usual--
gang banger.
no ID. multiple gunshot wounds.
Not a woman with a hanger
wrapped around her neck
and not someone I knew.
Can you guess what I did?
Took her picture.
I'm thinking. "Hey. it's Maya.
It's Maya from work."
But I just keep
bracketing the shots.
changing the angles
to get more of her hair.
but not the face.
not the face.
No. the papers won't
print faces of the dead.
That's policy.
You were doing your job.
Shoot everything.
That's what they expect.
But 9 times out of 10.
they'll only use
your most vanilla pic.
the one that tells the story
but won't upset.
The thing is.
the photographer...
Yeah. he remembers
all of 'em.
The next day. I quit.
I'd had enough.
But then it comes out
that Clay's having an affair.
And I don't know.
I started following him.
I started taking his picture.
I didn't catch him
in the act of anything.
But when I looked at him
through my lens...
...I swear I could see him.
I could see
who he really was.
And my cameras.
all of a sudden.
they were my eyes again.
And they were gonna
help me do something good.
And then stupid Lucas Ochoa
broke into your car
and tried to take them from you.
This new career you picked.
it's hard not to notice
you're still taking pictures.
It's cheating spouses.
guys faking injury to collect
on disability.
For now.
But you stick with it.
and you and I both know
you're gonna start
seeing the ugly stuff again.
Well. I stick with it.
maybe some of the ugly stuff
doesn't happen.
Is she here?
Seated at our finest table.
Okay.
Let me guess.
You're still mad
about the candy bar?
Did you not hear me say
I'm sorry?
Did you not hear me say what you
could do with your apology?
I did.
I assume it's an expression
you learned in prison.
Do you think this is funny?
You think lying
about what happened between me
and your stepbrother. getting
me shipped off to Apalachee
for a year and a half
is some kind of a joke?
No.
but you mess with one Ochoa.
you mess with every Ochoa.
Oh. right.
The Ochoas.
Fort Lauderdale's answer
to the freaking Borgias.
How's your dad. by the way?
Is he gonna run for governor?
Or would that put
too many eyes on him?
Make it too hard for
him to accept all those bribes?
State Senator Ochoa
is very well. thanks.
You know. after that day
in court. I looked you up.
I saw you were one
of his special consultants.
I'm curious. did you tell him
how you consulted me
right before you testified?
Because wow.
Special would be putting it
mildly.
I thought you were gonna
consult my damn legs off.
Can we please talk
about why I called?
If you think I want a job from
you. you're out of your mind.
There is no job.
There is just me
wanting to say I'm sorry.
I thought I should do it
face to face.
but I knew if I didn't pretend
to have work for you.
you wouldn't come.
Are you saying you lied
so you could apologize
for lying?
Tell me I pulled you
away from something.
You heard about the teacher
they found in the trunk
of the car the other day?
I am this close to proving
it was a murder for hire
with the bill footed
by Clay Gregory.
What?
Clay Gregory is like
a Teflon Scott Peterson.
He's this town's
whitest white whale.
And you're gonna--
You?
Tell your dad I said hi.
Hey. What's up?
Hey. where are you?
Trailer.
The one in the crater?
Yeah. The other day. I told Mel
about all the surveillance pics
I took of Clay Gregory
after Maya died.
I figured I'd go through them
again. see if I missed anything.
And?
I'm pretty sure his hairline's
starting to recede.
Yeah. well. I'm heading
to a press conference.
It's supposed to be an update
on Rhoda Batista.
but since I'm sleeping
with the lead detective.
I already got the scoop.
The footage that you found
led to more footage
from a different business
that showed the guy
in the hoodie.
Popeye Calves.
What?
Uh. nothing.
Continue.
It showed him getting into
a silver sedan and driving away.
Bad news is.
the camera was too far away
to give a good look at his face
or his license plate.
Progress is progress.
Go home. okay?
I didn't think that trailer was
safe before the sinkhole.
Hey. Tebow.
How you doing. man?
Movin' on
from the clown thing?
Good for you.
Sorta five years ago.
Tebow?
Tom Petty just saved my life.
Park's clear. No sign of
the guy who shot at you.
Yeah. it was Popeye Calves.
You saw his legs?
No. I didn't need to.
I paid Clay a visit.
I told him I knew
he hired someone
to commit a murder
that looked just like Maya's.
Obviously. he called Popeye.
told him I had to go.
but this is good.
Clay's getting sloppy.
Not only did Popeye
fail to kill me--
No. he left blood evidence.
his gun.
and God knows
what else behind.
Any of it gives us a name.
Clay's as good as done.
I told RJ he was welcome
to still stay with us.
but he wouldn't hear it.
Someone tried
to kill him tonight.
Your doorstep is the last place
he'd want to bring
that much danger.
And your doorstep's okay?
You know me and RJ's story.
don't you?
You were cellmates
at Apalachee.
Huh. Okay.
That all he told you?
Well...
When your ex and I met.
I was doing a stretch
for holding up
a convenience store in Coral.
But the thing is.
I was innocent.
A common refrain
around Apalachee. mind you.
"I'm innocent."
And yet. in my case.
it was the God's honest truth.
RJ was the only one
who believed me.
He wasn't a P.I. yet.
but he got himself
a contraband phone
and started looking into it.
Made some calls.
sent some e-mails.
chipped away
at the State's case.
and finally he was
able to prove the robbery
was the work
of someone else
and the perpetrator
just happened to leave the scene
in a vehicle that looked
remarkably like mine.
They only arrested you
'cause you had
the same kind of car?
Well. that and
I'd also robbed other
convenience stores in the past.
The point is.
I was exonerated.
But because the gears
of justice grind slowly.
it amounted to me being released
just one day earlier
than I would have.
So RJ didn't
really change much after all.
He changed
everything...
'cause the very first thing
I did
was I bought a scratcher.
And that scratcher paid
out a million bucks.
and that million bucks
bought me this bar.
I'm not released this day
instead of the next...
...who knows
what becomes of me?
Uncle RJ...
Mm-hmm.
...do you have
any pencils in here?
I have to do my homework.
I was picking her up from school
when you called.
What do you got?
Remember how I told you
I spent some time following Clay
after Maya was killed?
Mm-hmm.
Well. last night
before Popeye Calves showed up.
I was going over some
of my old photos.
and I remembered this guy.
Why do I recognize him?
Probably because
you've driven behind a city bus
sometime in the last 15 years.
That's where he does most
of his advertising.
Ah.
Sleazy Plastic Surgeon Guy.
Yeah. with the name
that sounds made-up.
Yep.
Dr. Adrian Noble.
That's his practice over there.
Turns out Adrian Noble
was not his real name.
It's actually Cecil Gregory.
As in Clay Gregory.
They're related?
Cousins. And get this--
back in 2020.
old Cecil tried opening
a second office in Miami.
Did not go well.
He was losing money
hand over fist.
Or at least he was until
an electrical fire broke out
and the whole place
burned down.
He walked away with
a seven-figure insurance payout.
An electrical fire.
And Clay's
a commercial electrician.
If you were a total sleaze
and your cousin helped you
bilk an insurance company
out of a million bucks.
what wouldn't you do for him?
Okay. so you think Adrian Noble
isn't just Cecil Gregory.
he's Popeye Calves. too.
Yeah. All we have to do
is look for
Tom Petty's bite marks
on his legs.
The guy who sings
"Free Fallin'" bit someone?
No. sweetie.
Tom Petty's a dog now.
That's him.
There's a hole in your plan.
He's wearing long pants.
Great.
Hey.
Show's over there.
Hey. brother.
You got the time?
Yeah. It's. uh--
It's. uh. 3:30.
Oh. my God.
No bite marks.
No underwear. either.
Yeah. He's not our guy.
No. 'cause odds are
our guy's already in custody.
My captain said there was
a break-in
at a veterinary clinic
this morning.
Silent alarm got tripped
and a couple patrolmen
responded.
Caught the perp trying to sew up
some wounds on his leg.
He claimed they were
from trying to climb
over a barbed-wire fence.
When they took him
to the hospital.
doctor who treated him
said they were...
Bites from a dog.
There's a team
searching his residence.
2018 East Bishop.
Are we going to
a crime scene now?
You're going home.
But... if your Uncle RJ
promises no one else
will lose their pants today.
maybe he can meet me.
See you. kiddo.
Bye. Uncle RJ.
Ah. So what's this?
Bring your ex-con to work day?
Captain said our guy's
name is Wade Ennis.
Two N's.
That's him over there.
C'mon.
Something you should see.
What's with the wheelchair?
What's with any
of this stuff?
This is what I wanted
to show you.
Cigarettes?
Same weird brand
as a cigarette butt found
in Maya Gregory's car
a few years ago.
The one with the DNA
that was not a match for Clay.
So you think Clay never
actually laid hands on Maya?
He hired this guy
for her murder
and the one
from the other night.
That's one possibility.
Detective Ragsdale.
Sorry. what?
Look.
I know what you think you saw
when you were
following Clay
a few years back.
And yet
there's evidence here
to support what he's
been saying the last few days.
which is that his wife
and Rhoda Batista
were both killed
by a serial killer.
Talk to this Ennis guy.
Talk to him.
Tell him there's a deal
if he serves up Clay.
Watch how fast he flips.
Never seen him before
in my life.
Wade.
How many times I gotta tell you?
I don't know no Clay Gregory.
I'm a serial killer.
I'm a slave
to my deviant passions.
You realize you're looking at
the death penalty. yes?
You seen them. like.
true crime documentaries
about guys like me?
We get. like.
special treatment in prison.
Hell. I-I think there might be
visits of the conjugal stripe.
If you're just
a serial killer.
why'd you go after Mr. Decker
last night?
How'd you even know about him
if it wasn't for Clay Gregory?
I'm a riddle wrapped
in a mystery.
You're a moron
wrapped in stupid.
You should take it from someone
that's actually been to prison.
Guys like the one
you're pretending to be...
...they don't do so well.
You think the State's going
to be the one to put you down?
Nah. it'll be some guy
named Red or Leon or Bubba.
and they're going to be twice
your size and half as smart.
And when they do it. Wade.
it'll be ugly.
It'll hurt.
So do yourself a favor
and give us the guy
that put you up to all this.
Give us Clay Gregory.
I do not know Clay Gregory.
I do not know him
here or there.
anywhere.
Whoever he is. Slim.
whatever it is you think he did.
I'm sorry.
but-- but I'm afraid
he's gonna get away with it.
I heard on the news
someone confessed
to killing
those two women.
Congrats?
Oh. you still think
Clay Gregory hired him to do it.
His name is Wade Ennis.
and I think because
he knows he's going to prison
no matter what. he might as well
take all the credit
and go in as Florida's answer
to Hannibal Lecter.
You here to offer me
another pretend job?
I have this acquaintance.
Someone I may or may not know
through my father.
Someone who may
or may not be his specialist in.
oh. let's just call it
cybersecurity.
The most crooked politician
in the state of Florida
has his own hacker?
Let me show you how
not surprised I am.
The point is. I may have
asked him to dox Wade Ennis.
And so this may be a hard drive
filled with everything
Wade's done online
over the last couple of years.
E-mails. credit card statements.
eBay transactions.
stuff the police won't be able
to get their hands on for days.
Figured we dive in together.
maybe we find something that
connects him to Clay Gregory.
♪ Call me a fool ♪
♪ Call me... ♪
The other night.
when I tried to apologize
for what I said at your trial.
you didn't want to hear it.
I was hoping you might
let me try one more time.
If you think I don't know it was
under orders from your father--
It was.
But if I hadn't lied
to protect Lucas.
there would have been
consequences.
But it was still wrong.
And... I'm sorry.
What about everything that
happened before you testified?
It's hard to imagine
that was on dad's orders.
I knew where you were
heading in a few hours.
You didn't.
So guilty conscience?
Guilty conscience.
Nothing more?
Zip.
If you ever decide to follow
in your dad's footsteps.
you're gonna make one hell
of a politician.
Oh. what--
what makes you say that?
Because I can tell
when you're lying.
I just don't mind it.
♪ But this new love's
so strong that ♪
♪ But it's a power
keep me holding on ♪
Hm.
What?
When I was at Wade's house
today. I noticed he was using
a wheelchair
like a piece of furniture.
I figured it was something
he stole off someone's curb.
But according to this.
he bought it brand new.
So?
So it was the same week
Maya was killed.
Okay.
so maybe she fought back.
stabbed him in the leg
or something.
and he needed the wheelchair
to get around?
No. he bought the wheelchair
a few days before.
A few days after.
he started Grubhubbing
every meal--
breakfast. lunch. and dinner.
That went on
for two weeks straight.
So after Maya dies.
he's hurt and he's housebound.
But he had to know he'd be hurt.
or why else buy the wheelchair?
A little while ago.
you said you were looking
at receipts
from Wade's pharmacy.
Can you pull them up again. please?
Yeah.
Yeah. around the time
we're talking about.
someone prescribed him
antibiotics--
it just doesn't say who.
Is there a name
you're looking for?
It's more like one
I'm expecting to see.
About a year and a half ago.
I sprained my ankle.
A year before that was
the first time I had COVID.
Okay.
Both times. I was
prescribed medication.
Both times. I kept what I didn't
use in case I needed it again.
The point is. my doctor's name
is right there on the bottles.
Locked.
Of course it is.
Okay. look. just because I kept
my old prescription bottles--
A psycho killer wouldn't?
Great.
Just great.
They biting today. Clay?
'Fraid not. Deck.
This time of year.
the best fishing's off a boat.
Now that Maya's
life insurance is paying out.
I think I may get one.
Or didn't you hear?
They finally got the guy
who killed her.
Yeah. I think you mean
the guy you paid to kill her.
Detective. Seriously?
Back then. how many times
did you people
go through my finances?
Did you ever find a penny
out of place?
We didn't.
But turns out that's only
because Wade Ennis
wasn't paid with money.
I don't think you
could have gotten into bed
with a dumber
killer for hire.
I mean. Wade was supposed
to kill Maya on a Wednesday.
but he went ahead
and did it on a Tuesday.
which wouldn't have been
a problem.
except Wednesday was the night
you were planning on
having an alibi.
But then again.
Wade's stupidity cut both ways.
He left a cigarette butt in
Maya's car. and that led to DNA.
which was undeniably not yours.
Before we knew Wade's name.
I was calling him Popeye Calves.
His swole lower legs.
after all.
were his most identifying
feature.
But turns out they were not the
result of hard work in the gym.
They were implants.
More specifically.
they were payment
for choking
the life out of poor Maya.
You wanted to hire
someone to kill her.
You asked for references from
not just the sleaziest person
you knew. but a sleazy person
who owed you.
Your cousin Cecil.
Didn't take him long to think
of a guy named Wade
who wanted calf implants
but couldn't pay for them.
Wade took the job
because what's one life
against shapelier.
more contoured calves?
Bought himself a wheelchair
for after the surgery.
then he went
and did the deed.
I don't know. Deck.
It's hard to imagine
there's any record of my cousin
performing that surgery.
No. there isn't.
But there is a record of him
prescribing antibiotics to him.
Seems the surgery wasn't done
under the best conditions
and Wade got a bad infection.
How do I know all this?
Because ol' Cecil
already copped to all of it.
He's under arrest.
Mr. Gregory.
And now... so are you.
You end up at Apalachee.
you count on me asking
some old friends to say hello.
Let's go.
♪ Girls on the beaches
commit a sin ♪
♪ If they don't show
yards and yards of skin ♪
♪ Preceding message to you
has been... ♪
I still don't get
why you won't let me write
about what happened.
Cath.
in case you hadn't noticed.
everyone is writing
about what happened.
No. they're writing about
Clay Gregory getting arrested.
They don't know that you
were the driving force.
No offense. sweetie.
Well. my story. as you know.
is. uh. is complicated.
So you went to prison.
So what? This is Florida.
Going to prison
is like a rite of passage.
Well...
Plus. you're trying to get
a business off the ground.
You think people aren't
going to want to hire the P.I.
who brought down Clay Gregory?
I'll think about it.
Meantime. since Mel here
has decided I can stay
in your pool house
indefinitely--
Uh. mnh.
I said you don't have to rush
to find a place.
...I suggest you give her
all the glory.
♪ Any male in Fort Lauderdale ♪
♪ Who is not pursuing
a cute female... ♪
Hey.
I just wanted to say congrats
on getting your guy.
Huh.
♪ That's the law
in Fort Lauderdale ♪
This is the part
where you say. "Hey.
thanks for doxxing
that maniac he hired.
Now we're even."
Even?
You think helping me out
one time
makes up for 18 months
in prison?
I mean.
it was like a pretty big help.
It was a start. I'll let you
know when we're even.
What's up. Arj?
Dewey.
Ugh. you and this place.
you were made for each other.
What do you mean?
The bar?
Florida.
Weirdest state
in the Union.
♪ Who is not pursuing
a cute female... ♪
None of it
ever fazes you. huh?
You treat everyone
exactly the same.
There some other way?
♪ That's the law
in Fort Lauderdale ♪
Oh. hey. almost forgot.
♪ Pretty girls 18 to 23 ♪
♪ If their technique
ain't what it should be ♪
♪ Get love instruction ♪
♪ For free from me ♪
♪ Through the courtesy of ♪
♪ The Fort Lauderdale
Chamber of Commerce ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org